## Choose the Extension Authoring Experience 

One of the key benefits of Auth0 Extend is the advanced extension authoring experience you can offer users of your platform. You have a range of options. 

The most streamlined authoring experience you can offer is based on the Auth0 Extend web-based editor. Your users can use their browser to edit the code of the extension, define secret parameters (e.g. API keys for external systems) their code uses, test their code with an integrated runner, access real-time logs for debugging, and more. The web-based editor can be used as a stand-alone web application you can direct your users to, or it can be embedded as a component into your own web site. The [Hosting the editor](https://auth0.com/extend/docs/libraries/extend-editor#integration-options) section explains both options in detail. 

In addition to the web-based editor, Auth0 Extend platform comes with a lower level command line tool called [wt-cli](https://webtask.io/docs/wt-cli). You can offer your users the option of managing extensions using this tool or one you derive from it with functionality specialized for your domain. Using wt-cli requires an additional layer of expertise and familiarity with Webtask concepts from your users and as such is only suitable for a more advanced audience than the web-based editor targets. If you choose the allow your users to use wt-cli, you will need to provide them with instructions on configuring the tool with settings specific to their own account in your system. This is addressed in detail in the [Enabling Command Line Tool for Your Users](#enabling-command-line-tool-for-your-users) section. 

The lowest level experience for managing extensions in your system involves calling the [Auth0 Webtask management APIs](https://webtask.io/docs/101) of your Auth0 Extend installation directly over HTTPS. This level of interaction is adequate if you plan to build custom tools or management experiences for your users that do not leverage the Auth0 Extend editor or wt-cli. To interact with the Auth0 Webtask management APIs you can use any standard HTTP library specific to your environment. If you are calling the APIs from Node.js, you can also use the [Node.js SDK](https://github.com/auth0/sandboxjs) Auth0 Extend supports. 
